hello everyone would talk to them 15
Welcome to my new tutorial that explains how to extract the iso of 1 mb and
pass it to the memory of your psp so you can play it from your memory
what you need is
a psp with custom firmware
a game in wii puts a pc
that's it
let's start
step 1
we turn off the psp completely
we leave the power button a few seconds until it goes off and the
turn on with the r button pressed to enter the recovery mode
we go to the option configuration / o md mode and we put it in sony mp 9660 not in
l
then we go to the xmb option because it looks device and we put it in wii media disc
we give him
we give you success
we put the gurí see me our psp connect the psp with the cable that is
should
we will automatically be watching the made of our game instead of the
memory
we copy it in the ipc
we enter the recovery mode again and we put the option back
configuration / xmb you say to memories trick
we give him barak
we give you exit
we go to wi connection is seen and we paste the and that we have on the pc in the folder
iso root strick memory
Yes now
we already have the game of good air in our memory
I suggest you compress in the isu do that or explain in one of
my previous tutorials I leave the link in the description
Any doubt comment and I will answer
thank you and goodbye day 15